[music]
>> Pushkin
I have a friend named Dan.
I've known him for years. He's in his
70s, lives outside Washington, D.C. He's
in the crisis communications business.
Companies call him in when they have a
big problem.
In fact, that's how I met him. I was
working on a story about one of his
cases and he called me up.
Dan and I talk all the time. And last
fall, he said something to me in passing
about having to go for a bunch of tests.
He didn't say why.
It didn't seem like a big deal.
Uh last May
my internist
told me that he was pretty sure I had
prostate cancer.
And for me, it was a
I can't say it was a nothing reaction,
but it was certainly a very modest
reaction.
I said to him, "Isn't this a minor
league of cancers?"
And isn't it a rite of passage if you're
a man my age? And that's how I thought
about it.
Um and it was reinforced
when I
when connected with the urologist who
said to me,
"Anytime in the next few months, have an
MRI."
So,
I thought of it as a minor thing and my
first contact with my
expert reinforced that.
So, I didn't even bother to do anything
until August, from May to August.
And I go from a
So, a blood test to an MRI to a biopsy
to a PET scan.
And then it was, "Yeah, you got it." And
and then the next deal was,
"You
should just go and get some radiation
and some hormone therapy. And it was And
I had to draw it out of the physician
and it was a casual matter of fact. And
that was it sort of dumped in my lap at
that point.
But at a certain point, something nagged
at him. He wasn't sure why since
everything thus far had been
straightforward. So, he started calling
around.
But as I was going through it because of
my work and friends, I've had lots of
health clients and education clients, as
you know. I asked somebody just to look
at it to make sure
there wasn't something And I And I was
even embarrassed and hesitant to ask cuz
I thought it's such a minor problem.
And it felt like an imposition. And my
friend wanted to do it and I I was even
hesitant and reluctant. And they uh
a doctor
which I will name, Dr. Master at Emory,
looked at it and said, "You have a big
problem.
And you have an urgent problem."
And it was like that.
And he said, "If you were my patient, I
would have had you in my surgical suite
last week.
Uh but you have an urgent matter."
My name is Malcolm Gladwell. You're
listening to Revisionist History, my
podcast about things overlooked [music]
and misunderstood. This episode, where
we explore how and when trust [music]
decisions are made, is sponsored by
PayPal Open, trusted by consumers, built
for all [music] business. For over 25
years, they've been at the forefront of
commerce, helping merchants of all sizes
grow. So, wherever commerce moves next,
you can rest assured PayPal Open has
your [music] back.
Head to paypalopen.com
to learn more.
Over several episodes,
>> [music]
>> we'll dive into the topic of trust,
where it comes from, the moment it's
earned, [music]
and how we decide who to trust or not.
And I wanted to start with the story of
my friend Dan, who out of the blue one
day was told that a problem he thought
was routine [music]
was actually threatening his life.
And you had to decide
under the most emotionally overwhelming
circumstances imaginable,
who to trust.
He
looked at my files.
Looked at my data and said, "You have a
big problem."
And he said, "Others will tell you that
you don't,
but I'm telling you you do."
One of the many interesting things about
Dan is that if I told you his full name
and you Googled him,
almost nothing would come up.
He doesn't advertise. He doesn't give
interviews. He doesn't go to fancy
galas. There are no pictures of him
anywhere. He's almost invisible.
But in the very rarefied world of
Fortune 500 companies and CEOs and
political bigwigs, everyone knows Dan.
Because he's the guy you call when you
have a problem you don't know how to
deal with.
Um for the past nearly 40 years,
I have lived
at what I refer to as the intersection
of bad luck and bad judgment.
Uh I help people
who have managed
to get themselves into really serious
trouble.
Uh the kind of
uh trouble that is career defining,
uh can be threatening to the existence
of a business,
brings a level of scrutiny from the
Justice Department or Congress or media
uh that is
uh inescapable. Usually, to borrow the
words of Hank Williams,
uh these are folks who see their name at
the top of the page. Mhm.
And you are if you you're not going to
blow your own horn,
but literally like if some
big shot person gets in trouble,
you're like say Ghostbusters, it's like
Dan gets the call. You get the first
call as far as I can tell.
For the last 25 30 years, I get the
call. Yeah. And there have been many
times where I will see a story break
and I'm automatically processing it,
reacting, what do I think, what do I
think is going on.
And in the back of my mind, I'm thinking
I might get a call. Mhm.
>> In many cases, I do get a call.
And whether it's the General Motors
bankruptcy or the Paterno Penn State
case or the BP oil spill, the Equifax
data breach,
you know, either limits on what I can
say about what I did, but
I get I get the call. Now, why do Let's
talk about this in the context of trust.
So, you you have spent your life walking
into
boardrooms, executive suites, what have
you, to talk to people who in most cases
you
have never met before.
Right. So, people just know you by
reputation.
Correct.
>> Why do they trust you?
It's It is It's an interesting thing.
I've thought about it sometimes, cuz
I've I've wondered about misplaced
trust.
The genuine trust comes
through the process. Mhm. It isn't in
the beginning, it's hope.
It's and it's panic and it's fear.
And they've been told by somebody that
they do trust, this is the guy you need.
They you know, they're in such a
difficult spot. They don't know where to
turn. They are desperate to find
somebody who can help them. You know, an
irony for me in my my medical situation
is I used to say
to clients sort of jokingly that I'm a
urologist.
And that I'm the person you don't really
want to see,
but when you need to see,
you there isn't anything more important.
You want to see that urologist and you
want that problem solved.
There is a sense of urgency that is is
focusing in a way that nothing else
uh matters. And then I end up in this
uh situation needing my urologist, but
it is
um
what I what I know is
they know quickly if they can trust me.
Mhm.
You they can tell. Your tone.
The the the first things you say are so
critically important.
The the the manner, your style,
uh your sense of confidence.
All those things communicate absolutely
instantly. People are processing.
Is this a person in my in the most
critical situation of my career,
should I give them time? Should I give
them space? Should I pay attention to
what they're saying? And what is it in
that moment are you
If you had to summarize
as simply as possible what you're
bringing to them in that moment, what is
it? It's it's a good question. It's a
hard question.
Because
>> [gasps]
>> as
I've explained,
I will be the least knowledgeable person
in any room I'm in.
Uh I'm and and partly it's because I'm
in the rooms
on calls and meetings and boardrooms
with people who are phenomenally
experienced, capable,
educated, credentialed,
leading scientists,
engineers, MBAs, lawyers, CEOs, board
chairs,
tremendously accomplished people. And
they have a world of advisors around
them. They don't lack for accountants,
an health council, on the communications
front, marketing, legal, outside
advisors, business consultants.
So, what do I bring? I don't have any of
those credentials.
Um I bring a depth of experience of
being in truly, truly difficult
situations hundreds of times
where the stakes are so big and the
pressure so great.
Um, I think if I have a particular skill
is synthesizing
clarifying.
Um, I I hope and believe that I bring a
common sense perspective to it
which relates to the clarity.
And I want to help them prioritize
what they're doing and how they're
processing it. And then inevitably I'm
involved in what do you say about it?
What do you say? Who says it? When do
you say it?
How do you communicate that? And that it
can sound easy but then you've got you
know the all the technical aspects, the
factual side of that. You got the legal
considerations, the regulatory
considerations. And all those pressures
are there. How can you help them
fight through that and get them to say
something
that
real people can understand. There's an
honesty and an integrity and a value to
it.
In a meeting with a client, have you
ever raised your voice?
No.
You do have
speaking of
why it is people trust you, you do
radiate
a kind of
calm and
uh
there's something dispassionate about
the way you see the world.
And I'm imagining you're dealing with
people who are often highly emotional.
Oh yeah.
I mean I'm in a room where there's
always there's lots of screaming.
Um, there's talking.
People are desperate to
sort of seek an an advisory role. Others
are trying to get out of it.
There are people who are trying to take
credit. There are people trying to
um
lay blame.
And there's just tremendous emotion.
You You when I when I know
I'll just tell you a
few things that I I really have never
talked about.
I need to get to a point where the CEO
will tell me anything.
And I mean tell me the personal side
because see
the the personal emotional toll of these
things
is never really factored in and that
plays a huge part in what they're going
through.
So, I I
it's not as much what I say as what I
hear. I want I want them to feel if they
reach a point where they want to truly
confide in me
then I know
um
I'm I'm going to play a role.
The other thing that I know is it is
absolutely essential
for me to be candid in my very first
conversations.
Really candid.
So, you mentioned earlier about do you
tell them how bad it is? In a sense I
do.
I'm not telling them something they
don't know.
But I want them to know two things that
I have a sense of the situation with all
the factual command that they have. I
have a sense of it and that I am
going to be absolutely direct with them.
I'm not going to I'm not trying to
shock. I'm not trying to
uh make them feel worse, but I'm
unafraid to tell them what I think. And
that's absolute and and those first
literally those first conversations,
it's it's critical to your role. Mhm.
So, you go and see Dr. Master. Yeah.
And the tables are turned.
Dan [music] had become the client, the
person in a state of emotional distress
>> [music]
>> and confusion. Talking to a stranger and
trying to decide
whether to trust him.
We'll be right back.
This is fascinating though, Dan, because
in a you are in a moment there's a
moment here when you start to treat this
problem you're having in the same way
that yes you said this to me. There was
a moment when I started to treat this
problem. I understood this was no
different from the problems I deal with
in my work. Yeah, that's that's when
this whole thing turned. When do you
when do you have that sense of oh,
this is something I've been doing my
whole life.
Well, I so Dr. Master is telling me I
have a serious problem
that it it needs to be addressed and
that I need surgery.
But he's not the one to do it.
Then I followed up
and I talked to two surgeons
um who said to me
surgery's out of the question, can't be
done.
And
that my problem was a lot more
complicated, a lot more advanced.
And now the script is
flipped. I've changed dramatically.
We've gone from doctors shrugging to
doctors saying it's so bad we don't even
think we can
do surgery.
Right. And when they say that what what
So what are they telling you your
options are at that moment?
Um that you're going to
need other
all the treatments that are available
and they kept saying Malcolm it's a very
interesting thing cuz you know I pay
again it was my instincts.
I listen to exactly what they're saying
and the way they say it and the order in
which they're saying it.
The first thing they would say to me is
we can keep you alive.
And that was meant as a reassuring
message and it wasn't.
Not because I feared death but because I
thought
they thought that I feared death.
And what I was worried about was quality
of life more than length of life.
And consistently it was about we're
going to keep you alive. We can keep you
alive.
And then it was
but surgery's not an option, you're too
far gone.
And then it was uh radiation, extensive
hormones the rest of my life
uh and chemotherapy
and
an ordeal that would be
I'm like I'm
grateful for anything, but exceedingly
unpleasant a life that was
tremendously compromised. Mhm.
Mhm.
So, I talked to these surgeons and their
language was one surgeon said, "Oh, oh
no, no, no, no, no, no."
Immediately after he told me
you know,
you you can stay alive, but I you you
don't want the surgery. He said, "I
I would be I would not want to do it,
but he said, 'I'll do it if you want me
to.'" Oh, goodness. And I don't, you
know, but he literally said, "I'll do it
if you if you really want me to."
And you know, no one of course is
thinking of that. The second surgeon
that I talked to
uh kept saying
and and and I'm not exaggerating. I
think he said it, I made notes seven
times in my I had a video chat with him.
He said
"It's at least 90% that I will not be
successful."
And he said it it's probably below
probably single digits
to have any chance of success here. And
he was so worried that I wasn't hearing
that, he kept repeating it over and over
and over again.
So, after I talked to them, I talked to
another doctor who said to me finally
the magical message for me, which is
"You're the only one who can figure out
what to do here, Dan. The doctors can't
figure this out for you."
And I immediately understood what that
meant.
And I was immediately comfortable. I
thought
I the stress, interestingly, the
challenge was great, but the stress
receded. I thought, I know this. I know
I know exactly what he's saying.
What did he mean?
Not that I had been talking to
incompetent doctors.
Not that I was getting bad advice.
You can argue about elements of it.
But that it is a problem
that doesn't have necessarily obvious
clear advice
attached to it.
That what no one had said, but which I
figured out the tests are not clear,
they're not definitive, they're not
perfect.
And that the science is incredibly
complicated.
And that I could get extremely
accomplished people from different
fields, oncologists, pathologists,
surgeons
looking at this
and they could legitimately come to a
wide range of different views. I
thought, I've lived my life in that
room. I know what that means. Mhm.
Mhm.
So, what was your next step?
Um Wait, at the moment he says that
So, that's the moment where you say,
okay, I've been here before. No, I know
I know the deal.
He was in a crisis. And what did he
spend his entire life doing?
Solving crises.
What was the change in your perspective
that moment? Did you So, you said How'd
you
>> Tremendous comfort. Yeah.
It was
it was
I am 100%
confident and comfortable making this
decision myself. Mhm.
Not because I thought I would be perfect
or that I knew more than the doctors. I
knew that I didn't.
But that I knew the right process
to go through to arrive at the best
conclusion I could arrive at. And I I've
It was It was a tremendous calming
experience for for
Mhm. But I was blessed because
of this experience. Nothing I'd ever
planned on, nothing I would have ever
thought about when I started this.
But I've been through it dozens and
dozens and dozens of times on incredibly
complicated high-stakes issues, careers,
billions of dollars.
Uh and that I had a network of people
that I could call on for perspective.
So, I knew I would get good advice. So,
I just I from that moment I just said,
"This is my newest case assignment."
First trust was misplaced trust.
Second trust stage was, "You can trust
yourself. I, Dan, can trust myself on
this."
I can trust myself in this process.
Yeah.
So, he started over doing exactly the
thing he always does when he takes on a
new case.
He read everything there was to read. He
went through his medical records with a
fine-tooth comb, flagging the things
that he didn't understand or that needed
clarification.
He was guided by one of the foundational
principles of his work.
First facts are always wrong.
Always wrong. Always wrong.
Always.
Wait, describe explain that a little bit
cuz it's super relevant here. Cuz in
your case, the first facts were wrong.
Wrong.
Wrong. Why are first facts wrong?
Well, um
it's it's the kind of thing I you know,
I had to learn through experience.
Again, you're in a room. You got
brilliant doctors, brilliant engineers,
MBAs,
savvy lawyers, outside counsel.
You would So, when they're telling you
something,
you believe it.
Um you're ba- you're based on their
credibility, their integrity, their
experience.
The problem is where did they get what
they know?
In a crisis, it's coming too fast.
How's is being processed? How thorough
is it?
How much can you know?
And how's it being interpreted? Who's
interpreting it? And sometimes there
could be some obvious bias. Sometimes
there's
unintentional
a bias, but what I
what I what I always know is you don't
have it all.
What you think you have, part of it's
wrong.
And you need to be extremely careful
decisions you're making based on those
facts and what you're saying.
Because you're going to be reversing
some of those decisions and you're going
to be eating some of those words.
And Malcolm, I never even thought about
that in my case. I did what all my
clients do. Well, I've got serious lab
tests. I've got an important
uh experienced doctor. I've got other
experts who looked at it.
Surely these things
are right. You can rely on them. And I
did. And I was absolutely wrong.
What he learned was that the tests that
everyone was using to make sense of his
case
where was his cancer, how bad was it,
how much had it spread were flawed.
Not because of anyone's incompetence,
but just because trying to get an
accurate picture of cancer when you
first find it is really really hard.
And then what happens is when doctors
speak to their patients, they sometimes
forget to communicate this fact.
They pretend that they know something
for certain when they actually don't.
Which meant that you couldn't put your
trust in the results of biopsies and
scans. You were of necessity in the
world of subjectivity and judgment.
And Dan knew all about the world of
subjectivity and judgment.
It was where he had spent his entire
career.
Then, when he felt that he was at least
informed enough to ask the right
questions, he put together a list of
doctors he wanted to interview. Put
everything on hold for 2 months.
And had a Zoom call with one specialist
after another.
So, you
you go out How many doctors do you
interview?
Um I had conversations with 18 doctors.
18? 18.
And of those 18,
how many told you
Can you kind of quantify what they told
you? Like
how many told you
surgery or treatment would
>> 15. 15 told you what?
Don't do surgery. Don't do surgery.
One was split and two said yes.
Tell me about the two who said yes.
Um it was uh and I never shared the
information between the two of them.
Mhm.
I wanted just
objective views.
And they both said almost exactly the
same thing, almost exactly the same way.
And they said
they both acknowledged
that I'm certain this will be a distinct
minority of views that you're going to
hear. If you talk to other people,
almost anybody else will tell you not to
do surgery and that you can't do surgery
and that but they're wrong.
And
um a factor in it was they also both
said
your chance
of beating this
isn't great,
but it's non-existent if you don't have
surgery.
And
mattered a lot to me. And you know, in
the other calls, again, good doctors,
experienced doctors, but saying
likelihood of being successful almost
nothing.
Uh
not even We know from the start we're
we're not going to be able to get it all
out.
Um it's going to give you with a lot of
difficult side effects. Then you're
going to have to start these other
treatments.
The side effects for the follow-up
treatments will be compounding with the
side effects you're having after
surgery.
And I remember a
an oncologist saying to me, "It is the
absolute worst course of action you can
take."
So, what was different about these two
guys who disagreed?
Um
it's a funny thing because
it uh
it really does relate to my life
experience and my work.
confident
clear
concise unemotional, definitive
and convincing.
They I'm not just
words and manner, but
factually the way they presented it.
And
listening to that combined with I'd
already reached a point
with all the information I had realizing
that there were
you know, it's cloudy information and
differences of opinion. And I thought I
I know that. I'm comfortable with that
now.
And that I thought based here you know,
I don't think I ever took a science
class in
high school or college,
but the science convinced me
there was a very good chance that these
doctors were wrong.
Um that they
that these tests had flaws, that some of
it just didn't add up
in the ways that it had been looked at.
And I combined my own instincts, my own
reading and information with the way
these two doctors talked, and I thought
I'll bet my life on them.
Dan ended up choosing a surgeon at Duke
University. He wasn't a prostate
specialist. He was just someone who did
complex cancer cases of all kinds.
He was used to looking at things that
seemed impossible.
He has a different lens.
Yes. He's seen a broader range,
presumably, of problematic
But again, that's something I can relate
to.
I'm in rooms
you know, years ago Malcolm, CEO of
Disney, said
we would never be good at handling a
crisis because we've never had one.
And I thought, that can't be true.
It can't be true.
You're Disney.
And what I've realized in most of the
rooms I've ever been in
they've never had a bet-your-career,
bet-the-company crisis.
We think that everybody has.
You've had all kinds of tests, but
for most people it's a new experience.
Or the the stakes are so big. Are you
talking about the doctor? So, in this
case, the doctor had seen
Yes, and I've seen real difficult and I
have been in
hundreds of boardrooms
where I'm looking at a CEO and he or
she's wondering
is this the end of my career? Is this
how I'm going to be defined? Am I going
to lose my net worth? Am I going to go
to jail? Am I going to be humiliated in
front of Congress? Am I going to be
embarrassed at my with my family?
That fear
is there.
Mhm. And, you know, I've had them say to
me
my God, my my communications people are
under their desks. They're scared to
death.
My lawyers are arguing with each other.
My board, strong differences of opinions
there.
And then, you know, what you also have
in those situations is
they've got their friends, their
neighbors, their country club
colleagues.
Their their their business peers and
friends
The inevitably says to me
my wife's brother's neighbor's cousin
says I should do X.
You've got it coming in from all
directions. So, you you're trying to
figure out who do I trust?
I I I as I've
communicated to you before, the facts
are wrong. I 100% guarantee it.
You don't have all the facts and some of
the facts you think you have are wrong.
Mhm. So, how am I supposed to make a
decision now?
And so, I end up with this surgeon and
he he broke it into two pieces. Can I do
the surgery technically? Absolutely,
yes.
Is the surgery going to be a success?
Different question.
Uh will it save you?
Um
you know, that's a whole separate
conversation from can I perform the
procedure
and and succeed at that so that you can
have the chance to talk about these
other things. So, his first was 100%
yes. His second was
50/50
that it's going to help you at best. And
if the studies are what these other
doctors are saying,
you do have a single digit
likelihood of success.
If they're wrong,
you could have 50% or better.
So, it's how do you interpret all the
information we have?
>> [clears throat]
>> And and then it was also saying to him,
I've got to have sort of the free reign
to do whatever I think I need to do once
I get in.
And
how quickly do you move from this is my
guy to the actual surgery? What's the
time?
Um
I
by the time I spoke to him,
um one of the things I liked about my
conversation with him, I was told that
you should talk to this guy and he's
confident he can help you. When I talked
to him, he said, "Oh, no, no, no, no,
I'm not confident.
I'm confident I can do this procedure
successfully.
I can't give you false confidence about
your outcome.
And that was helpful to me. He was
honest. Mhm. I didn't need somebody It's
in another view of mine.
People who tell you they can solve your
problem,
be extremely suspicious.
Extremely suspicious.
Your problem is multi-layers,
evolved over a long period of time, all
kinds of dynamics at play.
And so in this case,
um I knew
that he could do the surgery. I'd
already factored all the calculations
from the others.
I knew it was my only really good
chance.
And I had concluded that the uh the
analysis I was getting was flawed
from the others.
And I just I said, "Let's go." And
within
3 weeks, I went from my first
conversation with him to having surgery.
Tell me what that first conversation you
had with him after the surgery was over.
The first thing was
there were certain cancerous spots
that were in doubt, could he get them?
And so I needed to know immediately, did
you get them? And he said, "Yes, got
them."
Cuz the cancer had metastasized. Yep.
And he got them.
And
then it was,
you know, how far?
And he, you know, he had to
He said, "I had to nip, cut,
trim,
remove
most of the things inside you."
Um
I told him, "Thank you, but I'm as
partial to as many parts as I can keep."
So, he had to do a lot.
Uh but he
was confident
uh he got everything he wanted to get.
Mhm. And the initial pathology after the
surgery was positive, but you don't
know.
But it was a
it was exactly what he said, which is
the surgery was successful.
Now we wait on the outcomes.
And and I was
I was relieved, but I if
I I don't want to sound overconfident,
but it was what I expected. Mhm.
And how long I forgot now. There was six
There was a six There was a six week
There was a two week
>> weeks and you get a blood test
and my you know, you get a PSA score
and mine had gone down significantly.
It was not in a great zone, but in a
good zone at six weeks.
And then at another six weeks
uh I went down and I you know, I have my
my text
um
from him which I
will keep because it's the only time
I've ever gotten a text from a doctor
where he used miraculous three times
and and one paragraph to me
for the outcome of my test scores.
I believe I got a screenshot of that
one. Yeah.
So and my you know, my doctors
the two
they're like kids high-fiving, you know
over the phone to each other. They both
um joined on a conference call to call
me to tell me the results. They were
ecstatic.
So there's
there's three trust layers here. There
is
the misplaced trust in the beginning,
understanding that you had
you would offered you would extended
trust prematurely.
Um both to doctors and to
>> assumed
that trust was justified.
Trust in the doctor, trust in his
experience, his approach, and trust in
the tests.
That was misplaced. And by the way
>> And and and and I'm I'm you know, I'm
more critical of myself than I am of
the doctors.
And then the second layer was
understanding
I can
trust myself in this. This is I know
this. I've done this. I have experience
in this. Yes. And then the third layer
was this is the person
who I'm going to place my trust in for
this surgery.
It's exactly right. I mean, I trust
myself. I don't know how people that may
sound to people. It may sound arrogant
or naive or whatever. It's
it was hard earned from Mhm. decades in
rooms
where
people would turn to me and say, "Now,
what do you think?"
Mhm. And if you can't add value or if
what you're saying doesn't make sense,
you're going to be out of that room.
You're never going to be around.
And my my my work
was 100% referral base. So, if they
don't have value in the room, I don't
have any
I don't have a career.
So, it was that and then it was the
person
and the process he laid out.
What he said he would do and how he
would do it and what the equation was.
Putting all that together along with my
reading and analysis,
I had a high degree of confidence that
that was right choice. And I And I can
honestly say I didn't lose a moment
sleep. Had no second thoughts. I was
certain I had chosen the right course.
The The idea that you didn't lose a have
a moment sleep is
is so
I lost Why is it that I lost more sleep
over your condition than you did?
I was waking up in the middle of the
night worrying about you. And you're
like sleeping like a baby. I was Once I
decided I was I was
truly confident.
I can't be confident that it's Now, it's
going to turn out.
>> Mhm. I was confident that I had all the
information I need to make an informed
decision.
That I had processed it
thoughtfully in a way that
with the same rigor
that I would give to a client
and that it was the best option
available. What what's going to be is
what's going to be, but that's what I
came to. And with that, I was at peace.
In the span of 6 months, he went from
you should get this looked at at some
point to
you should put your affairs in order to
we can't find any more cancer.
I
I think that I
discounted
the idea of instincts and intuition in
my work. I lived by it.
But there was an element that discounted
it
that it wasn't
a credentialed.
I didn't bring a Harvard MBA to this.
I wasn't
a lawyer at a at a major firm.
And
I look back now.
My instincts, intuition, judgment were
everything in my work. Mhm.
And it wasn't that what I had
replaced the other people in the room.
What I say to people is you don't want a
room full of people like me, but you
want somebody like me
when you're going through this. And
it is
this intuition and instinct and the
sense that you've described in Blink
of processing and making a decision and
there thousands of things going on in
your brain you don't even know
as you're making that decision.
And I have lived my life by it and lived
my career by it. Mhm.
And trust so trust is all tied up in
that. It's a fascinating field.
It is what I did with clients because
what they would say to me is how do I
get people to believe us again? How do I
get my customers back? How do I get them
to give me more time? How can I get them
to look at this in a different way?
How do I do that? What what do I have to
do?
So, it's all of that
that plays into it. I just never figured
I would end up processing it for myself.
Revisionist History is produced by Nina
Bird Lawrence, Lucy Sullivan, and Ben
Netaff Haftree. Our executive producer
is Jacob Smith, engineering by Nina Bird
Lawrence, original music by Luis Guerra,
sound design and mastering by Marcelo Di
Oliveira.
Special thanks to Kira Posy, Morgan
Ratner, and Eric Sandler.
I'm Malcolm Gladwell.